SPA QS backlinks to Dev Center (#10194)
auth0/docs: articles/quickstart/spa/react/interactive.md

  path: Sample-01
---

:::note

> For a deep dive into implementing user authentication in React, visit the [React Authentication By Example](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/react/basic-authentication/). This guide provides you with additional details, such as creating a signup button, protecting routes using different strategies, and using class components. 

Reviewer: Is it still correct that it shows using class components? I can't seem to find something that calls out class components, but I might not be familiar enough with developer.auth0.com.

Author: @dan-auth0 ^

Reviewer 2: 🤔 Hello, Fred! How do you mean using class components? That guide uses function components and React hooks.

Reviewer: @dan-auth0 But the comment mentions explicitly it's explaining class components, while it's not (anymore?).

> This guide provides you with additional details, such as creating a signup button, protecting routes using different strategies, **and using class components.**

Reviewer: Looking into it, it seems like this has always been incorrect, or the guide has been update. But let's take the opportunity to rectify this and ensure the paragraphs use the correct wording.

Reviewer 2: I got it now! The deprecated guide had a link to a repo that used class components. Yes, we can remove that part 👍 Thanks, Fred!

> This guide provides you with additional details, such as creating a signup button and protecting routes using React Router.

> For a deep dive into implementing user authentication in React, visit the [React Authentication By Example](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/react/basic-authentication/). This guide provides you with additional details, such as creating a signup button, protecting routes using different strategies, and using class components. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Visit the [React Authentication By Example](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/react/basic-authentication/) guide for a deep dive into implementing user authentication in React. This guide provides additional details on how to create a sign-up button, add route guards using React Router, and call a protected API from React.
```
